Enforce stricter typing for logger methods (#182)
seek-oss/logger: .changeset/every-loops-help.md

---
'@seek/logger': major
---

Enforce stricter typing for logger methods

> This is a **breaking change** that improves type safety by enforcing stricter parameter typing on all logger methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a **breaking change** to the types, improving type safety by enforcing stricter parameter typing on all logger methods. 
```

> Existing code that passes metadata as part of an object after the message will need to be updated.

Reviewer: @72636c pls fix but something like 

```suggestion
Existing code that passes metadata as part of an object after the message will need to be updated. This pattern was previously silently failing to log the object details, and is now instead rejected when type checking.
```

Author: Got copilot to do a thing

**Before (no longer works):**

```ts
logger.error('my message', { error, metadata });
```

In this pattern, any metadata passed after the message string is not captured by the logger.

**After (correct usage):**

```ts
logger.error({ error, metadata }, 'my message');
```

This ensures all metadata is properly captured and logged.

The change also enforces type checking for placeholder arguments:

**Before (no longer works):**

```ts
logger.error('my message with string: %s and number: %d', 99, 'string');
```

**After (correct usage):**

```ts
logger.error('my message with string: %s and number: %d', 'string', 99);
```

> This prevents type mismatches between placeholders and their corresponding arguments.

Reviewer 2: I'd rather us not support/broadcast this option if it's not aligned with intended usage (structured JSON logging)

Author: I mean it all ends up as a JSON log in the end right?

Author: Or would you rather I add some metadata to the log?

eg. `logger.error( { err }, 'etc')`

Author: Cool, I'm dropping it completely given the low usage across our repos anyway
